PHP Tutorial (#276)
apify/apify-docs: docs/tutorials/use_apify_from_php.md

---
title: Use Apify from PHP

> description: Learn how to access Apify's REST API endpoints from you PHP using the guzzle package. Follow a tutorial to run an actor and download its data.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to access Apify's REST API endpoints from PHP using the guzzle package. Follow a tutorial to run an actor and download its data.
```

menuWeight: 3.93
paths:
    - tutorials/use-apify-from-php
---

# How to use Apify from PHP

> Apify's [RESTful API](https://docs.apify.com/api/v2#) allows you to use the platform from basically anywhere. Many projects are and will continue to be built using [PHP](https://www.php.net/). This tutorial enables you to use Apify in these projects in PHP and a variety of its frameworks.

Author: ```suggestion
Apify's [RESTful API](https://docs.apify.com/api/v2#) allows you to use the platform from basically anywhere. Many projects are and will continue to be built using [PHP](https://www.php.net/). This tutorial enables you to use Apify in these projects in PHP and frameworks built on it.
```
Sounded strange, as those are not PHP's (own) frameworks.

> Apify does not have an official PHP client for (yet), so we are going to use [guzzle](https://github.com/guzzle/guzzle), a great library for HTTP requests. By covering a few fundamental endpoints, this tutorial will show you the principles you can use for all Apify API endpoints.

Author: ```suggestion
Apify does not have an official PHP client (yet), so we are going to use [guzzle](https://github.com/guzzle/guzzle), a great library for HTTP requests. By covering a few fundamental endpoints, this tutorial will show you the principles you can use for all Apify API endpoints.
```
